As our learners work through assignments, it can be helpful to check on their progress,
as well as see their code in a working environment in order to help them troubleshoot any issues
that they're having.
And we can do all of that from within RStudio Cloud.
For this walkthrough, I've added myself as a learner to our data visualization workspace,
which we can confirm by clicking on the Members tab.
There are two ways to access learner work.
One is to click on an individual's name from the Members tab.
When we do this, we're taken to our learner's projects.
In this case, our learner has only worked on assignment 1, but we can click into their
work and see what they've created, as well as run their code.
It's important to note that when we open a learner's project in RStudio Cloud, we are
not creating a separate copy of their work.
We're directly accessing their work.
Any changes we make here will be incorporated into the learner's project.
One advantage of this is that we can write comments or provide example code for our learners
in an asynchronous manner.
Another point worth mentioning is that if we as educators, or really anyone with the
moderator or administrator role within the workspace, opens a learner's work while the
learner is working on it, the learner will be disconnected from their project.
It may be helpful to let learners know that this may happen, especially if you and your
learners are working asynchronously.
♪AT&T jingle♪